# mastermind-game

The logistic behind the game: Out of 6 colors (red, blue,green, yellow, purple, black), there is a secret code that is a code generated by the computer randomly, which the user is trying to guess correctly.

RULES:
- The marbleboard is the board of 6 colors that are located at the bottom of the game.
- There is 10 guesses for the whole game that the user can make, therefore overall there is 10 rows of empty marbles displayed in the gameboard.
- When a user chooses one of the colors in the marbleboard, this color gets added to the user choice. The user can't choose duplicate colors.
- After the user clicks on the confirm gif, this user code gets compared to the computer code using the count_bulls_and_cows function.
- If user clicks on delete gif, the choice gets undoed and the colored marbles become blank again.
- Bulls and cows represent: bulls in black- when a guessed color is in the correct position as the computer color and cows in red- if there is a color same to the guessed color in the computer code, but in the incorrect position. Bulls and cows are displayed in the small pegs located at the right of the user code marbles and represent bulls and cows for that particular choice, thus located in the same row.
- If the user gets a bulls value of 4, the user wins.
- If the user gets 10 guesses wrong, the user loses the game.
- At the right of the board, there is the leaderboard, which displays the last 2 winners of the game.
- If there is no leaderboard text file, the program creates a new one and adds the winner accordingly.
- The user also has the option to quit the game, by clicking on the quit gif, which will exit out of the game after another click.

Game is coded using Python and the Turtle library
